blank blank uh yes, i have got uh idea about uh the topic and what has to be spoken uh definitely i believe ahh individuals at ahh of the same age have uh generally similar plans uh and me uh individual's first priority is definitely individual family so is mine and ahh achieving financial stability as a. the uh to make the education? to make the decrease fruitful is one thing and having a kind of lifestyle uh umm for which i have been uh working since uh working. till today so i think it is once such goal to be financially uh stable and to uh give a lifestyle of each to my family more over i also have some plan to uh go for uh makings first opening some ngo i think uh because i have ahh i believe i have that corner to give back to society because i have ahh went through a lot many ahh such situations where i have been help them and lot many people. so that is one more goal more over. i also there have interest travelling so i also, uh firstly uh travelling ca my own country is one uh priority and i have lot of my options in my to do list, i think. these are some of my future plans more over. i visit future plan of any mutual are uh time- based some of them are long term goals and some of them are short- term goals. so i i would like to know what are your opinions on this? blank ahh yes a yes. definitely ahh as one as today we know that uh most of the umm most of the age mates i would say i think they are struggling with uh getting some uh source of earning as soon as possible kind of financial stability and i think it is one of the short uh short term plans every individual is having more over uh similarly uh like a. right now uh i also have some short term plans for myself, uh on which i am yes. yes, yes definitely and i also believe uh the uh to complete future plans. ahh i think thinking about future plan is one such thing and ahh one thing but uh the effort that is required to complete it is another thing and i think it depends on and and it becomes stronger when the quite a cliche word that when the wire of person is quite stronger that why the person wants to achieve it. so uh i think ahh one should keep on reminding themselves about uh the why that why they want to achieve those plans and. moreover i think a smaller daily achievements uh will help ev-everyone to a move. yes yes, yes thanks for completing yes and. yes, same here same here as well. ahh but as per the instructions it was ahh mentioned their we have to speak in language that we have chosen. so i am going by that only i have texted someone i am waiting for uh their? yes, yes yes yes. yes, i doubt if this uh this kind of conversation will be taughted. i think it has to be stick to the ahh topic moreover, it is quite uh okay as we are discussing over that only i want to mention one think that it is quite difficult to get the con call i think it is difficult to connect to anyone so i think we have to complete one hour uh to get some payment eight twenty- eight five seconds, or i doubt if it is happening with me only. i am single as i am i have connected today only to this platform and i am also a new user but umm we have been told we need to complete one hour. seven to twenty minutes yes, i agree. but i am saying ahh more number of sorter duration of calls we have to go for more number of calls to accepted and i think. ahh i am finding it difficult to connect to other people. i don't know. i think some issue, there is some issue on application because i think ahh they're lot many users that are using it at the same time so. yes, yes. yes, uh i already said you this only that i have also the same issue but uh i think better is to stick to the task because uh even if it is in english because the rule is. to speak in english only so i am sticking to uh the instructions only. that we have to speak in the language that has been uh selected by us on the application. okay, okay okay it was great talking yes have a nice day. okay.